This app is called "Design Buddy".
I would like to build an app that allows users to upload images of a room in their house, and the app will allow them to make changes to the design. It's kind of like an AI-based interior decorator. So what the flow is: there will be a landing page detailing the features of the application. The user will then have the option to sign in using Google. After signing in, the user will be able to upload or drag and drop an image of a room into the application. Below that, there will be a dropdown where they can select the room theme, like living room, kitchen, bedroom, bathrooms, etc. Below that, they should be able to select the room theme. These could include modern, summer, professional, tropical, coastal, vintage, industrial, neoclassic, and tribal. The user will then be able to click 'Render', and it will use the Google SDK to edit the original image and present it back to the user. The user should then be able to download the image or start with a new design. The application will use a credit system. When new users sign in, they will be allocated 30 free credits. If a user has used up all of the credits, they will need to purchase credits to generate more designs. At this stage, the designs do not need to be persisted in the database or on a file system. The user needs to download the image, otherwise it will be lost. Do not focus on the payment integration at this stage, simply assign free credits to the user after sign up, and that is it.